welcome to DIY automotive school with my
friend Pete and Minnie the body shop
girl it's everything you need to know
about cars and more
okay how you doing this is Pete I went
ahead and recoated that with my final
coat of bondo and I repeated the process
just like I showed you earlier okay I
went ahead and blocked it out with 36
then I came back with 80 grit with the
same procedure but I used 80 grit
sandpaper just like you see right there
now what I'm doing is I'm just rounding
these edges up so I don't want real
sharp edges I want everything to match
so I'm going to take my piece of
sandpaper and I'm just kinda lightly if
you look real close I'm just lightly
cutting the edge okay just around it off
I don't want to round it too much and I
don't want to round it not enough though
what happens if you round that edge too
much it's going to be round here and
it's going to be square here so be very
careful not to round to month so I'm
gonna go ahead and get that top right
there and before we put some tail on did
I say tail light what the hell is with
this tail light crap here sir I'm
talking about quarter-panel extension
okay the little piece that goes right
here before they put that on I'd like to
show you how much filler we had these
get to work so if you look right here
now I did take that down a little
farther because it was actually a dent
in this area so I went ahead and fix
that damn okay if you look right here
you can see where it starts and it gets
thicker as we go down okay and that's
how thick it was on the edge here for
the going down the quarter panel and
then if you look right here coarse up on
the top of the quarter panel
so you can see just from the factory
okay just from the factory you can see
the difference okay I'm gonna back that
up because when you look at it real
close layer but you see that the factory
original parts don't fit perfect okay
because this is actually a factory
original fent quarter panel here and
actually I'd say so
let me go ahead and put that on there
and we'll see how it lines up
okay
we went ahead and fitted our extension
on there but I'm gonna do this for
viewing purposes okay because it's
really hard to see that with you know
three different shades of colors and you
got light here dark here and bondo here
I'm gonna go ahead and take some primer
I'm gonna go ahead and shoot that with
some you pol primer and then we're gonna
look at it okay and I'm gonna show you
how nice and clean you can actually do
your bodywork this is a very simple easy
procedure anybody that knows how to use
a block sander can do this job even if
you don't know how to use a block sander
it's very very easy and it makes your
car look 199 percent better than if you
don't do this this is called our rear
quarter-panel extension okay this is our
quarter panel and like I said I'm gonna
repeat myself a lot here repeating
myself is not a big problem okay I'd
like to repeat myself because that
actually gives you okay the opportunity
to hear something that you missed when
you walked away from the video
we're going to take our primer and I
don't want to create a lot of dust
that's why I'm on blower right
I'm trying to make this a professional
how-to video my fan Pete style okay you
know I'm not wearing my white work coat
here I don't have my three pencils and
my nerd glasses on okay I'm trying to
show you this is one guy to another okay
this is how you're gonna do it at home
this is the way you're gonna do it okay
you're not going to do it in a nice big
bright clean environment okay with 27
employees doing the work for you you're
gonna do it yourself sir it's all up to
you to do it yourself
nobody's going to do it for you
okay as we come up close to it okay look
at it from the distance you can see okay
here we go we're going to roll into it
you can see how nice that looks now okay
compared to what it used to look like
see how the body lines all look good we
got a nice even gap okay and then we
come around to the quarter panel side
and if you look down that okay if you
look down that you can see all right
this is a shadow right here don't worry
about that line there you go okay if you
come down this line here what's up okay
I was making a video rich you just
walked in front of the car that I was
making a video on sir so everybody out
here how to do this like I'm trying to
teach you how to do it okay thank you
what are you working on okay if you look
at the body line right here you can see
how clean it is it's all uniform and
even okay I took the shadow off so you
can get a good look at it but that is
how you do that that is the quarter
panel extension installed that's how you
do the body work to it and that my
friend is a gift to you from of my
friend Pete okay just one more little
tip Tech and that actually took me four
and a half to five hours to make I hope
you appreciate this I hope that it helps
you out and I hope that you use the
knowledge that you just learned right
here at Southwest Rod and Custom Dallas
Texas home of my friend Pete did you
find it
Wow is there anything else you need sir
grit anything did you find that
okay watch my soda over there please
okay
take it easy we'll see you later have a
great day
and always think positive when you're
doing something like this it does get
irritating it does get frustrating but
if you make a mistake learn from that
mistake use it abuse it but don't hit it
with a hammer worse see you later
thanks for watching DIY automotive
school classes don't stop till you know
everything